Update installation.markdown (#14177)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/hassio/installation.markdown

     - [Raspberry Pi 3 Model B and B+ 32-bit][pi3-32] (recommended)
     - [Raspberry Pi 3 Model B and B+ 64-bit][pi3-64]
     - [Raspberry Pi 4 Model B (1GB, 2GB and 4GB model) 32-bit][pi4-32] (recommended)

>      - [Raspberry Pi 4 Model B (1GB, 2GB and 4GB model) 64-bit][pi4-64]

Reviewer: Please revert the change of removing the space (for all occurrences in this PR).

There should be a space between the value and its unit of measurement.

For reasoning and more information, see both the Microsoft & Google Style Guides on writing documentation.

- <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/term-collections/units-of-measure-terms>
- <https://developers.google.com/style/units-of-measure>

Author: Sounds good. Thank you for letting me know about the Google/Microsoft guidelines regarding units of measure. 

If that is the case, please be sure to correct (by adding) a space to the bottom portion regarding VMware Workstation. There is a "2GB RAM" down there, which is what prompted me to recommend standardizing the spaces to begin with.

Reviewer: Feel free to correct that as you process the review comments on your PR.

     - [Raspberry Pi 3 Model B and B+ 32-bit][pi3-32] (recommended)
     - [Raspberry Pi 3 Model B and B+ 64-bit][pi3-64]
     - [Raspberry Pi 4 Model B (1 GB, 2 GB and 4 GB model) 32-bit][pi4-32] (recommended)

>      - [Raspberry Pi 4 Model B (1 GB, 2 GB and 4GB model) 64-bit][pi4-64]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - [Raspberry Pi 4 Model B (1 GB, 2 GB and 4 GB model) 64-bit][pi4-64]
```

   - Flash the downloaded image to an SD card using [balenaEtcher][balenaEtcher]. If using a Pi, we recommend at least a 32 GB SD card to avoid running out of space.
   - Load the appliance image into your virtual machine software. (Note: You are free to assign as much resources as you wish to the VM, please assign enough based on your add-on needs)

>      - For VirtualBox create a new virtual machine, select "Other Linux (64Bit), assign it at least 2GB of memory and "Use an existing virtual hard disk file", select the VDI file from above, afterwards edit the "Settings" of the VM and go "System" then Motherboard and Enable EFI, then "Network" "Adapter 1" Bridged and your adapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - For VirtualBox create a new virtual machine, select "Other Linux (64Bit), assign it at least 2 GB of memory and "Use an existing virtual hard disk file", select the VDI file from above, afterward edit the "Settings" of the VM and go "System" then Motherboard and Enable EFI, then "Network" "Adapter 1" Bridged and your adapter.
```
